PROPOSAL
The concept of my project is a interactive horror story.

I have always loved the horror and thriller genre, whether it be books, movies, or games. More recently, I have been obsessed with horror webtoons. Similar to comics and manga, webtoons tell stories through images, but are often viewed online. In this specific horror medium, there are many interesting things that happen. There are images that flash as you scroll by, ghosts that jumpscare viewers, and even people changing faces when you scroll back up to reread the story.

For this project, I want to channel the interest I have for the horror genre into a visual experience. As of now, I am unclear whether I want to do a storytelling or a game, but with the way things are looking right now, the final project will probably be a combination. Although I am uncertain about the specific category of my project, I do have some scare factors I want to incorporate. I want to animate things popping up into the screen to create jumpscares. Keeping the audience distracted, with either a text or a quick puzzle game, would be a great set up for a jump scare. I also want to incorporate the long dark hallways that are common in the horror genre. The atmosphere created by these long corridors, as well as the looming pressure of something invisible standing in the dark is something I want to emulate. I also plan on incorporating certain sound effects to improve atmosphere and the immersiveness. 

I am not confident in my storytelling skills, or my creativity in that aspect, so I have been researching horror stories on websites like Creepypasta for inspiration. My final project will most likely be a retelling or a spin-off of such existing stories. In general, I plan on not rellying too heavily on amazing art to scare the audience with graphic visuals or detailed illustrations of the demons or ghosts. Rather, I want to build the atmosphere using dialogue, scenery, and audio. As for the art direction, I am planning to create visuals mostly in grayscale. Putting most of the enviornment in grayscale will allow colors to be more impactful and for horror features to build up tension subtly and artfully.